docs: Fix tabs in ERC-4337 guide (#517)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/sdk/relay-kit/guides/4337-safe-sdk.mdx

  {/* <!-- vale on --> */}

  By default, the transaction fees will be paid in the native token and extracted from the Safe account, so there must be enough funds in the Safe address. 

>   You can use also a paymaster to handle the fees, If you choose to use a paymaster, there are two other ways to initialize the `Safe4337Pack`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can also use a paymaster to handle the fees. If you choose to use a paymaster, there are two other ways to initialize the `Safe4337Pack`.
```

  {/* <!-- vale off --> */}

>   <Tabs items={['Using ERC-20 Paymaster', 'Using an verifying Paymaster (Sponsoring)']}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <Tabs items={['Using an ERC-20 Paymaster', 'Using a verifying Paymaster (Sponsored)']}>
```
